Ji Ho, where are you?
I'm just outside home.
Hello.
Yes. Hello.
Do you live here? In this neighborhood?
Yes.
What are you doing here?
I was just passing by.
I see.
- Should I give you my name card? - What?
Okay.
Let's grab tea sometime.
I'm a little frazzled right now.
Sure. Let's do that.
Are you all right?
Did you go to the washroom?
Yes. What about you?
Are you feeling all right?
I'm completely sober now.
I had fun tonight.
I'll get going.
I'll drive you to your place.
It's very close from here.
I'm going to walk so I can get sober.
Is your husband coming to get you?
I was a little slow.
Take care, then.
(Ko Jung Min)
(Wife)
Hello?
Ji Ho. Where are you?
Here.
Pardon?
Why didn't you pick up...
your phone?
I didn't have a chance.
I'm sorry. I was going to call.
Let's go in.
For some reason, I could drink a lot today.
Maybe it's because I haven't drunk in a while.
I see.
Did you drink...
with the production company?
Yes.
The CEO is a good drinker too.
Drink this instead of cold water. Or you'll be sick tomorrow.
Keep this by your bedside tonight.
You might wake up feeling sick in the middle of the night.
It's warm.
Thank you.
Goodnight.
Ji Ho.
Yes?
Do you...
want to sleep together again tonight?
No, tonight's a little...
I see.
I'm sorry.
No, it's not like that.
I'm just a little tired.
I snore more on days like this.
I understand.
I'll make more tea, so have it if you need to.
Okay.
I was engaged once.
I was almost married once.
The only things I can handle in life,
are this house, Kitty, and myself.
We were dating, and I got pregnant with his baby.
Marriage isn't about just the couple.
More than their feelings, it's a system that relies...
more on the understanding of the surrounding people.
I miscarried my baby and we broke up.
His family was against our relationship too.
I just wish...
nothing would happen in my life.
(Ko Jung Min)
Some production company's CEO came to talk to me.
She wasn't ordinary.
She was strong...
in a way that she doesn't hurt others but...
protects instead.
She's kind of like a tree.
Hello?
It's me.
Yes. I know.
I'm sorry to call when it's late.
There is something I should tell you.
Okay.
Congratulations on getting the chance...
to write again.
This man is torn.
I'm so glad...
He's afraid.
you're starting over again.
He's nervous.
Thank you.
Sleep well, Ji Ho.
Okay.
You too.
(Episode 14: Because This Is My First Confession)
Should I just cut it like usual?
No.
Are you here?
I'm sorry I contacted you out of the blue. I know you're busy.
The CEO isn't busy.
My employees are the ones that are busy.
Wow, Ho Rang. You got a cut.
Yes. I needed a change of scenery.
It looks really good on you.
Won Seok...
really means it, right?
Please, tell me.
I want to get myself sorted out,
but I didn't have anyone else to ask.
He means it, right?
For now,
yes. I think so.
Then...
Even if I beg him,
he won't come back to me. Right?
Won Seok...
seems to think that he's making you unhappy.
That's why he decided to let you go.
It's not because he wants to let go?
I'm not sure,
but if one thinks they're making their loved ones suffer,
it makes them hate themselves.
It feels miserable too.
Okay.
This is just where it ends for us.
Sir.
- Mr. Shin. - Hello.
- Have you been well? - Yes.
- Are you dropping by the office? - Yes.
I had a financial consultation meeting.
Aren't you going to introduce me?
Could she be your...
No, no.
She's a close friend's non-girlfriend.
She's my girlfriend's best friend.
Ho Rang. Yang Ho Rang.
Your girlfriend's best friend?
Hello.
My name is Shin Young Pyo. I take care of his business finances.
I see. I don't have a business card.
I'll get going.
Okay, Ho Rang.
I'll be in touch. Take care.
Okay.
Mr. Ma told me you're going to Sillim-dong.
- Yes. - I'll give you a ride.
The buses here run very infrequently.
No, it's okay.
I'm not a bad guy.
I've known Mr. Ma for a long time.
Do you live around there?
No.
I just have to pick up some stuff.
I see.
Ho Rang, do you really not know who I am?
Pardon?
I want to get married.
What?
"Dating Instead of Marriage". We chatted before...
because you accepted my request.
I was actually really surprised earlier.
I recognized you right away.
I see.
You were the first person I talked to when I got the app.
But you wouldn't reply after that one time.
I figured that you dumped me.
Well...
I had just downloaded the app then,
so I replied without thinking.
It's Mr. Ma's app, so...
Are you trying to draw a line between us?
- What? - What is this?
Are you surprised because I caught on?
You can't deny it, can you?
Thank you for the ride. Take care.
Okay...
Take care.
(Let's love each other forever!)
(5th year anniversary)
(100th day anniversary)
(Our happy home)
(I love you, honey! I love you, Ho Rang!)
You were right.
I'll become more honest...
to my feelings.
Why are you...
Didn't you leave?
You said you had luggage to pick up, and I thought it'd be heavy.
You seemed to be in a bad condition too.
What?
- I'll give you a ride home. - No.
You're making me uncomfortable.
You're going to have a bad flu for certain.
From whichever side I look at you, you're definitely having a flu.
What?
I mean, you look like you're about to faint.
So how can I turn a blind eye?
Give it to me.
Shall I?
We'll file a lawsuit following this process.
As they go through an investigation, you'll have to...
be questioned as a victim.
Are you okay with it?
Yes, I'm aware of it.
Fortunately, you have the text messages and call history...
to prove your claim against him.
But if they start using media and news articles,
things might get a bit messy.
This matter is about the broadcasting industry after all.
Yes, I'll have to brace myself for that.
Okay, then we'll proceed accordingly.
Oh, and...
This is our contract.
(Writing Contract)
You don't have to sign it right now.
Take it and read it carefully.
Tell me if you want any changes.
(Writing Contract)
But...
the payment is...
Should we discuss it more?
It's much less than what you expected.
No.
I think it's too much.
Ms. Yoon.
You shouldn't do that.
What?
Even if you're surprised, you should go outside and express it alone.
We're going under a contract.
You can't express yourself so honestly to your enemy.
You're...
not my enemy.
It's not much.
It's the amount we mostly offer to our new writers.
We don't sign contracts with writers that often to be honest.
But once we do it, we do it properly.
If we want to work with them for a long time.
Ms. Ko.
Yes?
Shall we...
have a meal together today?
Sure.
("I Remember")
("It's More Important to Work on Good Pieces than Many Pieces")
(Does it mean something to your company name?)
(I started this work because I was desperate for money.)
(What money does is the easiest and lightest.)
(Ko Jung Min)
Did you relieve your hangover in the morning?
I drank some honey water before I went to bed last night.
So I felt okay in the morning.
Did your husband make it for you?
Yes.
My husband...
made it for me.
Before I sign the contract, I want to ask you about something.
Okay, Ms. Yoon.
It's about the man you talked about before.
The man you almost got married with.
Yes.
What would you feel...
if you ran into him again?
Do you think...
you'd love him...
if you met him again?
This...
is related to our contract?
Yes.
It's related to our contract,
and it's very important.
Actually,
I ran into him.
I mean, that man.
The day I went to your neighborhood.
That day, I ran into him coincidentally.
So your question feels...
a little...
It feels stranger...
to me.
That day,
my husband came out to see me.
I mean, Se Hee.
The way I see it, you've never faced the world properly.
Using your company and mother as excuses,
you've always blamed the world.
I believe that you need to face the world...
and say what you want to say at least for once in your life.
And once you begin,
I'll be ready to support you by your side.
Hi.
Are you back from a meeting with your client?
Yes, we had things to discuss regarding additional investment.
Okay, good day.
Mr. Park.
How about we go out for a smoke?
- Now? - Yes.
No, I'm fine.
What is it that you want to say?
I joined this team in 2015,
so it's been already three years since I started to work with you.
It means 800 days by day...
and 7,200 hours by hour.
- Is that right? - Yes.
And most of those times...
felt so horrible for me, Mr. Park.
- Horrible? - Yes.
Whenever we had a team dinner,
I wondered how I should react to your sexually harassing jokes.
On a day after my leave,
I expected you'd ask where I went with my boyfriend.
I wondered how I should react to that.
On a sick day,
I pretended I wasn't because I was worried...
you might ask if I was on my period again.
Thinking of you, Mr. Park,
it's hideous and painful.
We're colleagues who have worked together for 7,200 hours.
Isn't it so sad?
So...
what is it that you want to say?
I want you to apologize for everything...
that you've hurt me with.
- What? - I need to get an apology...
from you.
Apologize officially...
in front of all our team members.
- Apologize? - I really...
want to end this horrible relationship...
with you now.
I was sincere in telling you this.
So please show me your sincerity.
I will wait.
The leaves are falling
- Soo Ji. - Yes?
What happened?
Nothing much.
I'm just happy to see you.
Why are you so cute?
You were right about it.
I always tried to avoid and talked behind his back.
But I haven't really talked to Mr. Park in person.
He's somebody's son and somebody's father.
He's just one of us.
My Soo Ji is such an amazing person.
Come here.
What are you doing?
Am I not supposed to do this?
No, you are not.
Oh, I see.
The autumn leaves are
Falling down
It's falling down
(Ko Jung Min)
Ko Jung Min?
Jung Min?
(Ko Jung Min)
I can't believe it.
How can you guys meet each other again like this?
Does Ji Ho...
know about it too?
I mean, how would she know this unbelievable situation though?
Are they going to work together still?
Maybe.
Don't you need to talk to her about it first?
It's not like they are going to meet only a few times.
They will have to meet a lot.
It's the CEO and the scriptwriter of the production company.
What should I tell her?
I don't even know where to start.
Which part should I tell her and which part should I not tell her?
Should I tell Ji Ho I used to date her in the past?
Should I tell her it was the time...
when everything was going south because of how immature I was.
No matter what I say, it's going to hurt her.
Ji Ho is an innocent person.
I don't want to ruin it...
by telling her my past.
I wasn't talking about Ji Ho.
I was talking about Jung Min.
I was wondering how you would explain Ji Ho to Jung Min.
That was my question.
I thought you couldn't get over Jung Min.
I thought that's why you got married ...
under the contract.
I thought Ji Ho was just...
in the contractual relationship with you.
Wasn't she just a tenant to you?
So it's not Jung Min you are worried about.
(Ko Jung Min)
I thought I could meet her again...
maybe once in my life.
I even thought of what I should do when that happens.
"How are you?"
"It's been a while."
But as soon as I saw you,
I realized...
I was worried about the other person.
When did it...
even start?
I thought the only things remaining in my life are...
(Ko Jung Min)
the autumn leaves...
that are solid dry.
I thought the rest of my life would be...
the time I would spend by myself...
waiting for those leaves to fall down.
I didn't want to do anything that could decide...
the other person's life.
("Although Nothing Will Change Even If You Cry")
I thought I would never...
make someone cry again.
Here he is. Hey, 401!
Where's Se Hee?
He left work early today.
Are you going to mess up the program just because of your ex?
It's been only two weeks since you started working here.
What?
I'm sorry.
How did you know that?
How can I not know? It's written on your face.
Is it?
Being in a relationship means it ends at some point.
It's not even a thing to show off like this.
Come on, it was just one of the relationships you had in your life.
It was the one and only relationship I had in my life.
Was it?
Does it mean it was your first time with her?
What do you mean?
Breaking up, of course.
- You guys did a great job. - Take care.
It looks like you are really busy today, Ho Rang.
Did you go home well on that day, Ho Rang?
Do you want to have dinner with me tonight?
Ho Rang!
I wasn't late, right?
I left as soon as you texted me back.
- I see. - You must be hungry.
- What are you in the mood for? - I don't want to eat.
Let's just have some beer.
Beer?
I'd love that.
Let's do it.
Cheers!
You must be really thirsty.
Did you get home safely on that day?
I dated this guy for seven years.
I just broke up with him.
When you drove me home,
it was the day I moved out...
from the place I lived with him.
Wait,
how could you have such a small luggage?
Sorry?
Well.
No matter how long a couple lived together,
they don't have much stuff to get rid of when they break up.
I also dated my first girlfriend for seven years.
By the way, why did you break up with her?
We fought a lot about getting married.
Dating and getting married are two different stories.
So what's your plan to overcome this?
Sorry?
I mean your breakup.
Have you planned on how to overcome your breakup?
I don't have any plans yet.
Time will heal everything.
How can time heal everything?
Time just passes, that is all.
What I hate the most...
are those idioms.
Don't you ever fall for any of those overly said idioms, Ho Rang.
Overly... what?
What you eagerly long for...
only will come true when you say it aloud.
So I said my wishes aloud every day and night...
watching myself in the mirror.
What did you say?
"I can get over her."
"I can overcome this breakup."
"With strong mind and soul,
get over with whatever is given!"
Don't use difficult languages with me.
I'm too ignorant to understand.
This...
is not some difficult language. It's what teenagers use.
What?
Why would you use such language?
It makes me feel better. I feel younger.
[VIU Ver] E14 Because This is My First Life
"Because This Is My First Confession"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I...
have been here before.
(Director Gye Yong Seok)
Some man left this with me to give it to you.
Thank you.
You told me not to call you. So I'm just leaving the bag.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
I know. You have left your bag.
I didn't know...
that Ji Ho got married.
I'm sorry.
I was too drunk the other night. I don't remember much.
I mean it. Please believe me.
I'll do anything to compensate for you with settlement money.
I mean...
Could you please withdraw the complaint?
I have to work on a new project.
What?
I dreamed about me walking...
into some endless tunnel.
I mean...
I thought you knew.
I think I have to talk with Ji Ho.
I'm sorry. Please excuse me.
I'll speak to Ji Ho.
Sit down.
Talk to me.
Tell me everything truthfully.
Thank you so much...
for telling me something hard to share.
I have one question, too.
It's about Se Hee.
What would your conclusion be if I answered yes to your question,
"Will you be happy..."
"if you get back with Se Hee?"
If that is the case,
I would have ended up as your enemy.
Were we supposed to fight?
Are we supposed to fight like cats and dogs here?
I would have waited...
for Se Hee's heart.
You would wait for his heart.
Why would you? Is it because your marriage is contract based?
Even if we were married without any terms...
I would have done the same.
A married couple...
does not always win...
each other's hearts.
Is that so?
But isn't marriage about getting each other's hearts?
It's rather an official way...
of declaring that a couple has won each other's hearts.
So this marriage makes it hard for people to easily break up...
even if they don't have feelings for each other anymore.
I don't know.
It's my first time getting married.
It's my first time loving someone too.
So I don't know much about this.
I know one thing for sure.
Winning someone's heart is not a game.
It rather comes naturally.
Please don't tell Se Hee...
that I know what happened.
Good bye.
Go back to your life and live well.
Instead,
don't ever fall for anyone.
You don't have the right to.
(You don't have the right to love.)
So she's right.
Winning someone's heart is not a game.
She knew it so quickly.
How I wish I was Ji Ho.
Your call was long.
Yes, it was the lawyer.
There have been some problems with Ji Ho's lawsuit against the guy.
What? What kind of problem?
Well.
The guy went to ask for the charges to be dropped.
But he got beaten up really hard.
By whom?
Ji Ho's husband.
What?
You mean he beat someone up?
- It's been long! - Yes, it has been really long.
You did a good job this year.
- Let's do well again next year. - Yes, sir.
Everyone, let me propose a toast.
Fill in your empty glasses.
- Why don't you give a toast? - Yes, sir.
2017 is almost over.
Our respected director,
I love you, sir!
And to our business supporting team, you all have done a good job.
Let's toast for our most respected director with all our hearts.
When I say "Director!",
you all say "I love you, sir!"
I forgot about the apology.
I'm sorry, Ms. Woo.
I have been very naughty.
Let's all forget about it with our drinks.
I'll say "Director!"
- I love you, sir! - I love you, sir!
I love you all, too!
- Drink it up. - Bottoms up.
Do you need more drinks?
- Where shall we go next? - Second round sounds good.
Was there anything between you two?
No, nothing happened.
Have your food.
- Drink it up. - Let's all drink.
Pass me the glass.
- I'll go home first. - See you tomorrow, sir.
- Don't get late to work. - We won't!
- Bye. - See you all tomorrow.
- How about we have more drinks? - Sure!
Let's eat some beef sashimi and go for karaoke afterwards.
- Okay, sure. Karaoke sounds fun. - I'll drop by the office first.
You all wait here.
- Meet us at the beef sashimi place. - See you later.
Alright! It's a desert island!
Whose turn is it next?
Hi, babe.
Isn't language for humans?
You're right.
Languages only work for humans. Am I right?
You're right. If language doesn't work for someone, he's not a human.
Either he's an animal, an insect, or a water flea.
Why do you ask?
Honey.
Did you mean it when you said you'll stand by me once I start?
- Of course, I meant it. - What are you doing Mr. Ma?
- It's your turn to roll. - Throw the dice.
Mr. Ma!
Okay. Have fun playing with dice.
I love you.
Hello? Hello?
What is this supposed to be? It sounds like a will.
Mr. Ma, it's your turn. Come on! Throw the dice.
- Is it Seoul? - She can't be...
Goodness, I lost.
No. No. No. No.
What do you mean?
Mr. Ma, you have to buy Seoul now.
Coward.
Ms. Woo should upload the photo of her body.
B? B? No. No. No.
It's full size A.
If I weren't married,
I would have had fun with Ms. Woo.
Ms. Woo, why did you come back to the office?
I have some undone work.
Really?
- Jin Ho! - What did you say?
I'll roll the dice now.
I'm buying Taipei.
I was going to buy that.
A rabbit is the king when the tiger is not around.
Is this all your land?
We have raised a baby tiger.
That's what I mean. You should have bought it.
You'll only catch the tiger if you go into the tiger's cave.
Let's stop playing this game.
Why? It's getting fun.
It's not fun at all. It's for kids.
We're always playing this.
Let's all go drink. I'll treat tonight.
- Really? - Your treat?
Yes, I'll buy you all drinks. Let's stay up until the dawn.
I'll leave first then.
You should go with us too.
It's okay. I have an appointment.
What kind of appointment do you have at this hour?
It's an appointment with myself.
You all have fun. I'll go now.
It's Friday, right?
She must be going to Itaewon.
- Itaewon? - There's a famous toy shop there.
She goes there every Friday...
buying all the cartoon figures.
It suits her really well.
Speaking of Itaewon,
let's go clubbing tonight. What about men's night out?
- Club? - Club?
Yes, club! What will you do with your body? Make use of it.
You should enjoy it when you can as you're still single.
Have you been to clubs a lot?
No, I have never been.
My ears are going to bleed!
I didn't know it's like this here.
My eyes are going to bleed.
Let's all go out and dance on the stage.
What?
- No, no. - You should go first.
I'll go downstairs first. You two come down too.
- Yes. - We'll follow you.
I'll go down first.
Okay.
I'll get over you.
I'll get over you, Ho Rang!
I'll get over you!
That guy?
What is that guy doing there?
Bo Mi!
Come down!
I'm too scared.
Do you want to go to an internet cafe? Let's go.
You said you had an appointment.
We talk with our bodies on the stage.
Bodies?
Se Hee,
can I ask you two favors?
Could you let Ji Ho write...
when she asks you if she can?
Could you please...
make her fulfill her dream...
as a writer and...
not live like her own mom?
(Ko Jung Min)
Hello?
(Writing Contract)
(Korean authors, Foreign authors)
Excuse me. Do you happen to have this book?
("Although Nothing Will Change Even If You Cry")
There was only one left in our stock and it was sold.
Thank you.
Yes.
Hello, Father.
You beat him up pretty hard.
Will it be disadvantageous...
to Ji Ho?
I think it'll be fine.
I met the CEO of his production company just now.
We know each other. He won't make this bigger.
Okay. Thank you.
Well...
The fact that I'm Ji Ho's husband...
Will it affect you...
in working with her?
Is that why you're here?
Are you worried I might ruin her work...
because of the grudges from my old love?
That I might harm her?
Yes.
When I got married,
Ji Ho's mother asked me for this favor.
She asked me to let her write...
when she wants to begin her writing again...
so that she doesn't give up on her dream.
She asked me that.
But I didn't know what to do,
so I only promised her that I wouldn't be any harm to her.
But...
you know.
You know...
how to make her not give up on her dream.
So you came to see me.
You met your old love after 12 years,
and is that what you have to say?
I'm a bit upset.
Sorry.
But...
there's really nothing I can do.
I found out...
why she gave up on writing today.
The only thing I could do was throwing punches at him.
I heard you're a good producer.
Jung Min.
Don't treat her as my wife,
but as a writer,
please.
"Words are born from people's mouths..."
"and die in their ears."
("Although Nothing Will Change Even If You Cry")
"But some words don't die."
(Don't ever love again. You don't have the right to.)
"They go into people's hearts..."
"and survive."
These words survived in my heart for 12 years.
When did they disappear...
so suddenly like this?
I couldn't get rid of them...
from my heart...
no matter how hard I tried then.
I have something to ask too.
Have you...
ever professed to Ms. Yoon before?
What?
Profession.
That you like her.
Or...
something like that. Have you?
I don't think it's necessary to express it with words.
So you haven't.
You know what?
You never...
did it to me either.
You never said you liked me.
-Bye. -Bye.
Do you know...
words can survive only when they reach people's hearts?
You have to say it out loud for them to reach others' hearts.
It wasn't a coincidence.
So from now on,
don't draw a line...
on purpose.
It was because of her words.
I believe it's no one's fault.
Just like some of those waves keep on flowing...
while the others break.
That's how it is.
So...
Her warm words piled up in my heart.
Se Hee,
don't worry too much.
Just because you lived yesterday,
it doesn't mean you know everything...
about today.
Her words have survived...
(Us)
in my dead heart.
Do you still work part-time?
Oh, yes.
But I think I'll quit soon.
That's nice to hear.
Well...
Once I quit this job, I plan to write again.
What do you mean?
That drama?
Yes.
I thought you quit writing...
to focus on housekeeping.
Yes, but...
I got a nice opportunity,
so I plan to begin writing again.
What about a baby then?
Pardon?
When will you give birth?
I'm not sure.
I mean, work is important, but you should consider that too.
You're still young, but Se Hee is not.
Pay back his loan with this.
Use the rest for housekeeping when you have a baby.
- What? - I promised to give this money...
when he got married.
I don't think I should take this.
Then who else?
Of course, you should give this to Se Hee directly.
We won't be able to talk.
And he won't take it either. It's right for you to take it.
It's important for you to be a bridge between family members...
as his wife.
Let's go.
Father.
I have something to say.
It's cold, so go home safely.
Where are you? Why aren't you coming?
I'll go in shortly.
Do you realize what time it is now? Come home already!
Hey, I'm not a child.
Don't overact, silly.
See you later.
- Stop being... - A mom?
She seems happy though.
Cheers!
Soo Ji.
Do you know the movie, "The Graduate"?
Of course. Isn't that your favorite movie?
I've seen it more than 10 times.
When I first saw it, I was in my 10th grade.
I fell for Ben when he went to Elaine's wedding...
and ran away with her.
It looked really romantic...
to this 17-year-old girl.
That's the most famous part of the movie, right?
However,
when I watched that movie again in my 20s,
I could see many other things about the movie.
Like what?
Their faces after running out of the wedding venue.
They ran away from the wedding with full of excitement.
But somehow, they become speechless after getting on the bus.
It looks like they are anxious and don't know what to do.
I couldn't see that when I was young.
But I can see that now.
Why?
Is it something you can see...
between you and your landlord?
Is it hard for you?
Yes, it is.
Hello.
Now?
Okay.
It's really cold now.
You should go now.
Don't worry about me.
You can go now. Mr. Ma is waiting for you.
Text me when you get home.
What's going on? Are you okay?
What's wrong?
Did you do something to Mr. Park?
Well, your way didn't work out well.
So I figured my own way out.
What did you do?
I punched him in the face.
What?
Well done. Come here!
Come here!
I realized it when I found love.
The reason our marriage happened easily was...
because we were not in love.
I will pay for the half of your dress expense.
It's okay. It didn't cost me that much anyway.
But you even had to pay for the shoes and the bouquet.
I will deduct those expenses from your next month's rent.
Marriage should happen when you are in love.
But why...
(Inseong Bank)
When are you going to give birth?
Am I getting hurt more...
when I'm in love with him?
Have you told Ji Ho you like her?
Do you know that you actually have to say it to let her know?
You have to speak it out. That's the only way it will reach her heart.
I know. It's really awkward.
But it looks better...
than I expected.
Let's do it well...
today.
Have you been to Soo Ji's place?
Yes. I had beer with her.
I see.
Did you sign the contract today?
I did.
She's such a nice person.
I see.
That's good to know.
You look very tired.
I'm exhausted.
It's pretty bad today.
Kitty, you are welcoming us today.
I have something to tell you.
I have something to tell you too.
Can she not see this well?
- I want to... - We...
You can tell me first.
Okay. So...
Can we...
Never mind. You can tell me first.
I would like to...
end our...
contract now.
Words are always...
slower than...
the heart.
(Because This Is My First Life)
The more the love deepened, the more confused I got.
Isn't that Ho Rang?
She looked like a shivering chick in the morning.
Which sentence is the least corny if I want to tell her my feelings?
Who could be Mr. Ma's friend's friend's friend?
It's me. Do you want to go on a date with me?
What do you think marriage is?
Do you have any idea, Se Hee?
Getting married when you are in love must be happy, right?
(Us)